the Federal Reserve has declared that it
will reduce its balance sheet which is
at nearly five trillion dollars the
question is will it be able to remove
the crutch from the system without a
complete failure you came here for the
truth the Federal Reserve says it will
start in October to gradually unwind its
four point five trillion dollar balance
sheet which expanded to unprecedented
levels in efforts to spur economic
growth after the 2008 financial crisis
the balance sheet primarily consists of
government and mortgage backed bonds
these are all garbage they are toxic
that toxic assets if you want to call
them that and the market unfortunately
will not be able to absorb five trillion
dollars worth of all of this the
question is who will buy it up if the
Federal Reserve is unwinding who will be
there to pick up the pieces
that's what nobody's asking and I'm here
of course to ask those difficult
questions my idea is that either they
are ready to cause a collapse or the
other central banks around the world
will be engaging in these same policies
so will the Bank of Japan come to pick
up the pieces we'll see in time we're
not talking about billions of dollars
worth here we are talking about nearly 5
trillion dollars and they may not intend
on getting rid of all 5 trillion but
they say they are going to unwind they
also mentioned the fact that this is
going to be like watching paint dry and
the reason is because first of all yes
it's not very interesting to some
however I believe that it's going to
take a long time that's what people
don't understand they are talking about
miniscule amounts to be reduced and that
will take a very long time look at how
long it's taken to raise interest rates
at 1% and they said now
they can't go any further because they
don't want to slow things down but I
thought that they were suggesting that
increasing interest rates would provide
a more sound economy so now they're
turning their back on what they said
before Warren Buffett says that the Dow
is going to over 1 million so can you
believe this Warren Buffett suggesting
that we are going over 1 million but
when you look at it is 1 million really
high how much money is being printed
into the system what are they willing to
do how far they wanted to go and this is
the Federal Reserve's plan to push the
markets up higher and higher so let's
cover this a little bit more now Warren
boss sent everybody knows Warren Buffett
what he's up to the 147 billion dollar
team photo look at this
Forbes had this conference here and it
might be hard to see on the screen but
what you're looking at is all these
different billionaires and millionaires
gathering together Warren Buffett in the
center with nearly 80 billion dollars
worth net worth and all these other
individuals and these are the people who
ultimately decide what happens you think
that the Federal Reserve is deciding
things but of course that's not the case
it is those who own and control the
corporations which have their men in
power in the positions of high places
I've said this many times I know most of
you do agree with that and they come in
front of everybody and they have these
conferences they go to Davos Switzerland
and they tell us how it's going to be
this right here
it was covering what Warren Buffett was
talking about and how the market may go
to 1 million and if it goes to a hundred
thousand if it goes to a million nothing
would ultimately surprise me because
when you devalue your currency anything
is possible
look at Venezuela
now when you factor in how long it's
taken might might be hard to see on the
screen here but from basically the last
hundred years you're looking at five
point seven percent average however in
the past thirty seven years its nine
point three percent average now to get
it to where he's intending on suggesting
the percentage would actually be
significantly lower we're looking at
only a few percent per year so surely it
can go that far in the next hundred
years but we were looking at dismal
returns but most people don't agree with
that but of course there will be
setbacks along the way even Warren
Buffett would ultimately agree with that
but the average person unsophisticated
will not so what we can say is that the
stock market might go up but what is
happening to the currency sure the Dow
Jones might be up 1 million but the Dow
Jones might be you know when you look at
it differently what about a sandwich
when you go to the store will it cost
you a thousand dollars most people would
think that's ridiculous but you've seen
that in other countries which
experienced hyperinflation there's
really no difference this is interesting
here the two-year US Treasury yield has
been inching higher and higher and just
happens to be in lockstep with the Fed
Funds rate we'll see if it breaks free
from that but it seems to be going at
this level that it hasn't been since the
financial crisis and that's something
that we continuously are witnessing as
time goes on so what the Fed will do
we'll have to see they're claiming that
they're going to produce their balance
sheet and if they do dress like interest
rates it's going to be way too slow to
make a difference anytime soon so that's
all for this video if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs up
and don't forget to hit that subscribe
button you want to make sure you're
getting on all of my videos
I post every single day so you
definitely need to make sure you're
staying up with it keeping up with all
this information
take care